feat: Add int/bigint/double conversion functions from bytes (#8426)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions.md

"random UUID", as described in RFC 4122. The value is a 128-bit number represented 
as a string of five hexadecimal numbers _aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee_.

## Bytes

### `BIGINT_FROM_BYTES`

Since: 0.23.1

```sql
BIGINT_FROM_BYTES(col1, [byteOrder])
```

Converts a BYTES value to an BIGINT value according to the specified byte order.

> BYTES must be 8 bytes long or a NULL value will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BYTES must be 8 bytes long, or a NULL value will be returned.
```

> Byte order values must be 'BIG_ENDIAN' or 'LITTLE_ENDIAN'. If omitted, 'BIG_ENDIAN' is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Byte order values must be `BIG_ENDIAN` or `LITTLE_ENDIAN`. If omitted, `BIG_ENDIAN` is used.
```

A NULL value is returned if an invalid byte order value is used.

> Example, where `b` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string `AAAAASoF8gA=`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `b` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string `AAAAASoF8gA=`
that converts to the integer value `5000000000`:
```

```sql
BIGINT_FROM_BYTES(b, 'BIG_ENDIAN') -> 5000000000
```

### `DOUBLE_FROM_BYTES`

Since: 0.23.1

```sql
DOUBLE_FROM_BYTES(col1, [byteOrder])
```

Converts a BYTES value to an DOUBLE value according to the specified byte order.
BYTES must be 8 bytes long or a NULL value will be returned.

> Byte order values must be 'BIG_ENDIAN' or 'LITTLE_ENDIAN'. If omitted, 'BIG_ENDIAN' is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Byte order values must be `BIG_ENDIAN` or `LITTLE_ENDIAN`. If omitted, `BIG_ENDIAN` is used.
```

A NULL value is returned if an invalid byte order value is used.

> Example, where `b` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string `QICm/ZvJ9YI=`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `b` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string, `QICm/ZvJ9YI=`,
which converts to the double value `532.8738323`:
```

```sql
DOUBLE_FROM_BYTES(b, 'BIG_ENDIAN') -> 532.8738323
```

### `FROM_BYTES`

Since: 0.21.0

```sql
FROM_BYTES(col1, encoding)
```

Converts a BYTES value to STRING in the specified encoding.

> The accepted encoders are 'hex', 'utf8', 'ascii', and 'base64'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accepted encoders are `hex`, `utf8`, `ascii`, and `base64`.
```

### `INT_FROM_BYTES`

Since: 0.23.1

```sql
INT_FROM_BYTES(col1, [byteOrder])
```

Converts a BYTES value to an INT value according to the specified byte order.
BYTES must be 4 bytes long or a NULL value will be returned.

> Byte order values must be 'BIG_ENDIAN' or 'LITTLE_ENDIAN'. If omitted, 'BIG_ENDIAN' is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Byte order values must be `BIG_ENDIAN` or `LITTLE_ENDIAN`. If omitted, `BIG_ENDIAN` is used.
```

A NULL value is returned if an invalid byte order value is used.

> Examples, where `b_big` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string `AAAH5Q==`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `b` is a bytes value represented as a base64 string `AAAH5Q==`
that converts to the INT value `2021`:
```

```sql
INT_FROM_BYTES(b, 'BIG_ENDIAN') -> 2021
```

### `TO_BYTES`

Since: 0.21.0

```sql
TO_BYTES(col1, encoding)
```

Converts a STRING value in the specified encoding to BYTES.

> The accepted encoders are 'hex', 'utf8', 'ascii', and 'base64'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accepted encoders are `hex`, `utf8`, `ascii`, and `base64`.
```
